CSS-Networking: Bastion Document Update troubleshoot.md (#125477)
Azure/azure-content: articles/bastion/troubleshoot.md

**Q:** Is file transfer supported with Azure Bastion?

> **A:** Azure Bastion offers support for file transfer between your target VM and local computer using Bastion and a native RDP or SSH client. At this time, you can’t upload or download files using PowerShell or via the Azure portal. For more information, see [Upload and download files using the native client](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bastion/vm-upload-download-native).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A:** Azure Bastion offers support for file transfer between your target VM and local computer using Bastion and a native RDP or SSH client. At this time, you can't upload or download files using PowerShell or via the Azure portal. For more information, see [Upload and download files using the native client](./vm-upload-download-native.md).
```
